I was looking for a good Eliza program to base a project on and I found
     http://www.masswerk.at/eliza/
This shows an html page with a picture of a VT100 terminal (I used to use 
these), but the thing I like best is when you type at it, it talks.  If you
look at the source of the web page, you find out that they are using a
JavaScript library called meSpeak.js .  

When you go to http://www.masswerk.at/mespeak/ , you find that there
is a zip file that you can download that contains the package.  The
downloaded package contains an __MACOSX directory and they claim it
also works on Safari (as well as Chrome and Firefox), but I haven't
tested that.

When you unzip the file, in the mespeak directory you will find some
files in html format using the program.  When I tried to view them in
my browser, they didn't seem to work.  When I launched 
   ruby -run -e httpd . -p 5000
(see https://wiki.gaul.csd.uwo.ca/display/CS33422017/A+Web+Server+in+20+Lines+of+Ruby)
in the directory and pointed my browser at localhost:5000 , it launched
the index.html page which worked just fine.  At the top it gives you an
area where you can type a sentence and it will be spoken back to you.
Unfortunately, index.html is 809 lines long.

Ultimately, what this is about is fixing j001 so it speaks.

Stage 1: Start removing stuff from index.html .  What you want to do is 
shrink the index.html file so that the only thing it does is say
"this should be easy"  using meSpeak.js .  This should be called j200.html
and should live the the j200 directory .

Stage 2: Change this reduced version so that it says "this should be easy"
only when you press a button (named talk) that causes it to say it.

Stage 3: Now add the functionality to the j001.html alarm clock into j200.html
(i.e., j200.html now looks like j001.html but with a talk button).

Stage 4: Now update j200.html so that every 5 minutes that passes on the main
timer the script says how many minutes have passed.

Stage 5: Now update j200.html so when it is within 15 minutes of the end of
the 60 minute session limit it says how many minutes have passed and how many
minutes there are to go (still at 5 minute intervals).


note: while I would be interested in hearing about other libraries for this,
this particular task is about using the meSpeak.js library referenced above.
