Both Ruby and Haskell are general purpose programming languages that can
be used in a wide variety of situations easily, although they represent
significantly different approaches to how one manages the decomposition of
a programming problem.  In this case, I have essentially copied r001 (the
first Ruby task) into h001 with some minor adjustments.  Doing one of them
does not require you to have done the other.  Doing both is fine as it gives
you a chance to feel the difference of the two languages.  If I was going to
do both, I would start with the Ruby one which is closer to the style most
students are familiar with.

The basic git log is rather cluttered and a nuisance to read.  What is
needed, obviously, is a program to read the log and clean it up so
that it reads like a report on the practice you have been doing.

Stage 1: The first thing to do is to make sure you can bring the data
into the program (h001.hs) and output it to a file.  You have a few
decisions to make about what the interface looks like.  Since you are
going to be the primary user (even if only as tester) you should figure
out which way works for you.  The first issue is how you are going to get
the information from git log.  One way is the run the command as
the current version of summary.rb does (not using the options that summary.rb
uses though, as you want the whole log).  To see how this is done in Haskell,
look at 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6073474/reading-input-from-a-system-command-in-haskell ,
which shows us that it is pretty straightforward and that when we go to the
documentation 
https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/8.0.1/docs/html/libraries/process-1.4.2.0/System-Process.html
we can skip to the part about readProcess and ignore the more complicated
bits of functionality, at least for now.

An alternative is have the h001.hs read the log information from standard 
output (in which case you would invoke it as git log | runhaskell h001.hs).  
This would probably be based on information provided in the wiki entry
https://wiki.gaul.csd.uwo.ca/display/CS33422017/Writing+a+Read+Print+Loop+in+Haskell

A third option is to have a standard file that you preload with the contents 
of the output of git log.  Here, you might want to look at
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7867723/haskell-file-reading

A fourth option is that you do the third option, but with the file name 
specified on the  command line.  Simliarly for output, you need to decide 
if you are just going to send it to standard output, send it to a standard 
file, or send it to a file whose name is supplied on the command line.  
https://lotz84.github.io/haskellbyexample/ex/command-line-arguments

Once you have decided, program it and make sure it works.

Stage 2: From here on, it is all about string manipulation.  The big
thing to remember is that, in Haskell, a string is really a list of 
characters.  Therefore, many things you just do the way you would do 
with a list.  Other resources that might help are:
  https://lotz84.github.io/haskellbyexample/ex/string-functions
  https://wiki.haskell.org/Cookbook/Lists_and_strings

If you look at the log, you will see it has a standard format
of a line starting with commit, another line starting with Author: and
a line starting with Date: .  You will also notice that your log is filled
with messages whose author is Bob Webber.  These are automatically generated
by the software I use to manage the repository and provide no useful 
information to someone who is interesting in reading information related
to their practice work.  So, you probably want to repackage the git log
you have in memory so that it is separated by message and then remove all
the messages with author Bob Webber.  Again check to see that this works.

Stage 3: Now that you have a smaller log to look at, you want to present 
the commit messages so that the first message that is printed is the 
oldest in the commit log (i.e., so at the end of the output is the most
recent message).

Stage 4: Then you want to reorganize them by task.  Don't worry about valid
task names (summary.rb is already making sure you do that right).  Just look
through each message for the first occurance of a task letter (h, j, or r)
followed by 3 digits.  By default we assume that that is the task the message
is about.  Output the tasks in order, first by their associated task name and
for a given task, oldest first (as in Stage 3).

Stage 5: There should be an option to look at the report of just one task
rather than a big report of all the tasks.  The simplest usage pattern would
be to have the task to be reported on provided as an option on the command
line (like summary.rb has quiet as a command line option).

Stage 6: At the start of each message being output should be a line that starts
with the Date: associated with and followed by the number that comes after the
commit code for that commit message.  There is no need to print the Author name
each time (unless you really want to).

Stage 7: Some of the commit messages may be misclassified.  For example,
perhaps j004 was used by mistake when j001 was meant.  Or perhaps the
message mentioned both j004 and j001, but j004 came first and message
was really about j001.  Or perhaps the message was about j001, but j001
was never mentioned in the message.  Thus we will create a new message
format called a reportas message.  It would have the form of
    reportas j001 5900a30ae4c19ab42206abcde786583125e45cb8
and would override the program's classification of the message with the id
5900a30ae4c19ab42206abcde786583125e45cb8 so that it would appear in the
report where it should appear if it had been classifed as j001.  Note that
a future version of summary.rb may adopt this convention as well.  You want
to make sure that you can change things so that a message
    reportas j001 5900a30ae4c19ab42206abcde786583125e45cb8
can be undone with a later message starting
    reportas j002 5900a30ae4c19ab42206abcde786583125e45cb8

Stage 8: And, of course some messages will be designated to be reported
that are just clutter in the report.  We should be able to specify these
with unreport messages like
    unreport 5900a30ae4c19ab42206abcde786583125e45cb8
A later unreport message should be able to override a reportas message and
similarly a later reportas message should be able to override an unreport
message.

Stage 9: Time to make the report pretty.  You want to output the report
with suitable html around it so that it is pleasing to read.  Personally,
I would go like something like a list of tasks  with the task name mentioned
at the top of the list and nested underneath each task name would be a list
of the different task entries.  The value for a task entry would be a line
with the date of the entry and the commit id for the entry, followed by a
list of the blank line separated sections of the message body.  But if you
have different ideas about how to best format a report that is intended for
you to read, then you should certainly go with your ideas on the matter.
Be sure and load the resulting output into a web browser so you can make
sure it looks like you think it should.

