This directory contains scripts that I created to make using git easier for me.
These scripts have been used without problem on my Ubuntu account.
Probably they will work on other Unix-based systems.

One thing I have done that is worth noting is in the 3342msg script, I set 
my default editor to be /usr/bin/emacs (you should check both the location of
your editor and what editor you actually want to use as your default and 
update that script accordingly).

I also set the default push mode in the 3342push script to simple to get 
rid of the version change message I was getting before when I did a push.

More generally, the scripts assume that in your Unix home directory there are
two files:
.3342me  contains your gaul login name
.3342base contains the name of the directory where you keep your git 
           repositories.  it is assumed that you have created a directory
           named 3342 in that directory.  

As it is easy to forget to set up these files, the first thing each script
does is check to find out if theses files exist and contain anything other
than spaces.  If they don't, then the scripts output an error message and exit.
If the scripts get non-blank info, then the scripts proceed with the actions 
indicated.

The scripts all execute as bash shell scripts.  To make sure a script will
execute when invoked with its name on a Unix system, you set its execute
bit by typing something like chmod 755 ~/3342clone .  Then when I type
~/3342clone it does its thing (in this case pulls my BitBucket repository
into my workarea).

The scripts included are:

3342clone --  clones my git repository from BitBucket
3342pull -- pulls updates to my local copy of the git repository from the copy 
          in BitBucket (which may have changed because of uploads from the prof)
3342log -- shows me my Git log
3342msg -- launches my default editor to create a commit message that is 
           then comitted to the Git log
3342push -- pushes my git repository back to BitBucket
3342time -- finds header lines in Git log that start with the word time
